docs: add hint for limiting the number of wfs (#11841)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/cost-optimisation.md

* Active Deadline Seconds - terminate running workflows that do not complete in a set time. This will make sure workflows do not run forever.
* [Workflow TTL Strategy](fields.md#ttlstrategy) - delete completed workflows after a set time.
* [Pod GC](fields.md#podgc) - delete completed pods. By default, Pods are not deleted.

> * [`CronWorkflow`'s history limit](cron-workflows.md#cronworkflow-options) - delete completed/failed workflows which exceed the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`CronWorkflow` history limits](cron-workflows.md#cronworkflow-options) - delete successful or failed workflows which exceed the limit.
```

- minor grammar changes
  - `CronWorkflow` with no possessive. Same parallelism as the other 3 bullets which refer to a specific field without a possessive 
  - multiple limits, so plural "limits"
  
- "completed" -> "successful" -- there is no "completedJobsHistoryLimit", only "successfulJobsHistoryLimit", which are not identical.
